# The Big Shock

Everyone in the royal palace of the city of Drein was very busy with the preparations of the grand feast, which was to be held in the evening in the honour of Jake Herald. He was the bravest and the most trusted person in the city. He had helped the kingdom many times, in times of was and peace. If he had not been, the city of Drein would have already been absorbed into some othe kingdom. Very high dignitaries were called to the feast, and it was indeed considered to be a great honour to be invited to it.

"Come on everybody. Work well. I want everything to be just perfect", the king announced, himself getting engaged in some preparations.

The palace was looking magnificent by the evening. The guests started arriving from 7 'o' clock and gathered in the banquet hall. It was a huge room with imperial banners hanging from the roof. The side walls were decorated with lit candles and a chandelier hung from the centre of the roof.

The chief guest, which of course was Jake, arrived at 7:30 pm. There was a small welcome ceremony and after that the feast took off. All the guest got seated at a huge table laid with food. It consisted of fruit punches, seasoned turkeys, mushroom ravioli, fried stuffed chicken, various types of pizzas, a variety salads, baked potatoes, pork barbeque and apple and chocolate walnut pies, blueberry cheesecakes and various types of ice creams and pastries for dessert. Everyone thoroughly enjoyed and after they had left, the king called Jake to an inner chamber to discuss something.

"Come Jake! I want to discuss this matter. I am suspecting our kingdom will be attacked -", he was interrupted by a messenger who had come running in the room. "Your Majesty, I have got some bad news", he said, trembling. "The forces of the undead are planning to attack our city. They want to sieze the city so that they get a base for further captures and take over the living world". The messenger fainted.

"Guards!", the king shouted, "Take this messenger to the medical room". the king addressed Jake, "What should we do now?". Jake answered, "Can I take a few of your troops?". The king asked, "Why?". Jake said, "I'll interrogate the messenger and take the troops to seek the hideout of the undead". The king exclaimed, "This is what I like about you, you're so quick! Of course you can take as many troops as you want". Jake replied, "I just want a spy, a melee warrior, an archer, a healer, a magician and a few of your finest horses". "I will send the best of all", the king said, "But don't trouble the messenger too much. He was not looking very well". "Yes, Your Majesty. As it is, the messenger would have of course got the news from someone else. It is not the messenger whom I seek", Jake said, and departed after saluting the king.

He went straight to the medical room where the messenger had recovered. "Are you fine?", Jake asked the messenger. "Yes", he replied. Jake said, "I just wanted to ask from where did you get the news?". The messenger replied, "The spies told me". Jake said, "Okay, thank you for telling. Now you should take some rest".

Jake instantly headed towards the division of the spies. They resided in the western wing of the palace. "Norton!", he exclaimed, looking at the general of the spies. They both greeted each other and sait down on the nearby chairs to talk.

Jake said, "I have heard that you came to know of the plans of the undead. What do you know and from where did you come to know? Tell me everything. This is a very serious matter. It will not only affect our city, but the whole of manking". Norton started telling, "Our spies always keep a check on teh city, the palace surroundings and the outskirts of the kingdom, even though there are only some waste woods and graveyards there. It was in one of the graveyards where our spies heard the undead making plans". Jake said, "Well, that is fine but there are three or four graveyards in this kingdom. Which one are you talking about?". Norton replied, "I am talking about the Crest graveyard, which is situated at the northwest corner of the kingdom". "Can you tell me about their plans in detail?", Jake interrogated. Norton answered, "We haven't heard much about their plans, but we are very sure that they will attack Drein. They are currently moving towards the Chaos tunnels. This is all I know". Jake said, "Okay! Thanks! You can leave the rest to me".

He headed straight to the king's chambers. On seeing Jake the king exclaimed, "Did you get the necessary information?". Jake replied, "Yes, Your Majesty". The king said, "I am very scared. I am facing the undead for the first time". Jake consoled the king, "Do not worry. I with your troops will seek their hideout and try that they do not reach near Drein. When will the troops be ready?". The king answered, "Go and catch some sleep. The troops will be ready tomorrow morning".

Jake departed and came out of the palace premises. He headed to his small house along a lonely street of Drein. The king had tried many times to reward him with a big bungalow, but he preferred his cottage. He went and lied down on his bed, but did not sleep. He was making plans for his next day ahead. He thought, "If the undead are currently moving towards Chaor tunnels, they will have reached them by morning. After sunrise, they will stop movement. But the Chaos tunnels are dark, and so, by tomorrow evening, they will have crossed almost one quarter of the way. They will take three days to completely cross the tunnels, so, my big strike would be catching them in the tunnels. But the big challenge lies in reaching the tunnels in less than three days. But why would they want to use the Chaos tunnels? They are so complex and do not have many links in our kingdom. They have made a very complicated plan. Our only hope lies in reaching the tunnel in time".

Jake could not understand anything. He was trying to concentrate but drifted into a sound sleep after some time.

Jake woke up early in the morning. It was still dark then. He got ready and started moving towards the royal palace. The guards at the palace gates stood aside and let him enter. He went to the king's throne room, where the king was seated on a high chair, wearing the royal crown.

The king, on seeing Jake, said, "Jake! Greetings. Your troops and horses are ready". Jake replied, "Greetings, Your Majesty. Where are they?". "They are waiting for you in the guardian chamber. After meeting them, you can choose any horse from the stables", the king replied. He clapped his hands and a servant entered from the eastern door. "Go! Take Jake to the guardian chamber", the king ordered.

The servant took Jake out of the palace and towards the eastern tower of the castle. They went into the tower and up the flight of stairs to the very top chamber, the guardian chamber. Jake dismissed the servant and entered the room. Inside, there were five people standing, all in varied outfits. One of them was Jake's beloved friend, Norton, as the spy. The melee warrior was Atix, fully clad in armour. The healer was Lavista, the magician was Senister and the archer was Robina. Everyone knew Jake and greeted him heartily.

"Greetings. I hope you are all ready for the toughest challenges ahead. Norton, you come with me. You are needed immediately. The others, you will be called when needed. Be prepared, all the time, even at the darkest hour", Jake said. Senister came forward and said, "Here, take these teleport tablets. They will help you teleport back to the portal chamber in the palace. Just break the tablet to activate it", giving a teleport tablet each to Jake and Norton.
